Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
It is Jatzuk Dev's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across this application.

We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you.
We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent.
We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service.

What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.

In general, the third-party providers we use will only collect, use, and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service or ad providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies concerning the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand how your personal information will be handled by these providers.

You can opt-out of targeted advertising by:
Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
Google - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous
Bing - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads

In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us.
So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.

This Application may link to external sites or applications that are not operated by us.
Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites or applications, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our application will be regarded as an acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.
If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
